Qualified teacher and summary salary implement as variables (Merge into existing Salaries PR) (#4036)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/is-teaching-right-for-me/career-progression.md

## How can you get more responsibilities?

<strong>Fran:</strong> Realistically you’d want to do at least a year or two in the same setting before then thinking about applying for a role with more responsibility. But you have to prove your worth to get a teaching and learning responsibility (TLR) payment.

The headteacher at my school was looking to create an alternative for key stage 3 (KS3) pupils who weren’t able to access the curriculum properly. As part of a shift in my lead practitioner responsibility for English I was given a permanent TLR to research and implement this. I had to come up with case studies and a proposal. It's about showing you’re prepared to invest in your personal development and know what’s going on out there. You have to keep up with legislation, news and topical priorities.

<strong>Sian:</strong> It may be the case that your school hasn’t got the budget for a TLR. So if you really want to take on more responsibility you may need to think about moving school.

## How can teachers increase their salary?

> <strong>Fran:</strong> If you have qualified teacher status (QTS) and work in a maintained school, a school funded by the local authority, your salary is reviewed every year. Most teachers on the main pay scale get an annual pay rise but it may depend on your school’s performance data to prove you’re completing whole school and individual targets. So you could potentially go from a starting salary of $salaries_starting_min$ to over $salaries_fiveyears_maxrounded$, or more if you’re in London, in 5 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Fran:</strong> If you have qualified teacher status (QTS) and work in a maintained school, a school funded by the local authority, your salary is reviewed every year. Most teachers on the main pay scale get an annual pay rise but it may depend on your school’s performance data to prove you’re completing whole school and individual targets. So you could potentially go from a starting salary of $salaries_starting_min$ to at least $salaries_fiveyears_maxrounded$, or more if you’re in London, in 5 years.
```
```suggestion
<strong>Fran:</strong> If you have qualified teacher status (QTS) and work in a maintained school, a school funded by the local authority, your salary is reviewed every year. Most teachers on the main pay scale get an annual pay rise but it may depend on your school’s performance data to prove you’re completing whole school and individual targets. So you could potentially go from a starting salary of $salaries_starting_min$ to over $salaries_fiveyears_maxrounded$, or more if you’re in London, in 5 years.
```
